v2.4.0 (2020-07-13)
-------------------

# JS Custom now supports TypeScript!

TypeScript support is currently beta-quality, meaning that it should work well for most people but that I expect there to be bugs. If you find a bug, please help out JS Custom by reporting it on the issue tracker at https://github.com/Thom1729/Sublime-JS-Custom/issues.

Known issues at present:

- Type arguments in method calls and template strings are not implemented.
- Arrow function type parameters are not implemented.
- Arrow function detection is iffy.
- TypeScript 4.0 features are not yet implemented.
- Some features like the built-in `toggle_comment` command do not work if you specify a custom scope, including `source.ts`.

# The next major release will require Sublime 4 (TODO: fix wording)

Sublime Text 4 offers major improvements to the syntax highlighting engine that will allow JS Custom to provide more accurate highlighting with fewer corner cases. JS Custom version 3.0 will require Sublime Text 4 and will not run on older versions. The 2.4 release will still be available for Sublime 3, but it will not receive new feature updates.

The known TypeScript issues listed above will definitely be fixed for 3.0, but they may not be completely fixed in 2.4.

# Other changes.

- When the `rebuild_syntaxes` command deletes a compiled syntax because the configuration doesn't exist anymore, it will find any views using that syntax and reassign them to a default to avoid error messages. This is configurable via the `reassign_when_deleting` setting.
- When `rebuild_syntaxes` is run with an explicit `versions` argument, it will never delete syntaxes that are not specified in `versions`.
