v4.0.0 (2020-05-03)
-------------------

# Designed for Sublime Text 4

Version 4 takes advantage of Sublime Text 4's new features to provide significantly improved highlighting. The most visible change is that arrow function argument lists should always be correctly detected, but there are many more fixes and improvements.

This release still uses the 3.3 plugin runtime. Most likely, a future minor version will switch to the 3.8 runtime.

# Greatly improved TypeScript support

Version 4 provides the same high-quality TypeScript support as Sublime 4, which is a great improvement over the beta-quality support from version 2.4. The only currently missing feature should be arrow function type parameter detection, which is not yet implemented in core.

# Restructured documentation

The docs have been rearranged to make the readme less monolithic:

- A new “recipes” page provides example configurations for common use cases.
- Complete documentation for syntax configuration options has been moved to a separate page.
- Settings other than syntax configuration options are now documented in the default settings themselves.

# Other internal changes

- JS Custom is now “downstream” of the core JSX and TypeScript syntax extensions, just like the base JavaScript syntax itself. Improvements to JSX and TypeScript should be made to the core packages.
- Change the structure of syntax extensions to be similar to ST4's syntax extensions.
- Add a new internal `js_custom_rebase` command to make it more convenient to rebase from new versions of the core JavaScript package.
- Add comprehensive type checking with MyPy.
